Let's take a look at the 4th platform preview of IE10
running on the Windows 8 Developer Preview
With more support for HTML5 technology
to enable richer applications with improved performance.
IE 10 adds support for Cross Resource Share, or CORS
for safely sharing and moving data across domains using XMLHttpRequests.
This demo uses CORS along with fileAPI, drag drop support, and  an HTML5 progress control
styled with CSS for a fast and fluid experience uploading multiple files.
The web app is running in one domain, and
the files are uploaded to another domain for storage
You can drag files from the local machine and drop them to upload,
and see visual feedback indicating the progress.
Lets look at an example of improved performance in this platform preview.
This demo brings together HTML5 Canvas, gradients and opacity,
with SVG rendering and touch interaction.
Here, each falling rain drop is a separate div tag, animated with CSS3 transforms.
The improved layout performance, and hardware acceleration in IE10
enables fast rendering and a steady 60 frames per second.
Let's look at this demo in another browser.
Here, in the lastest version of Chrome, you have the same demo
running the same markup
but you're only getting 3 or for frames per second in rendering performance
Next, let's look at new CSS support for controlling end user selection.
With CSS User Select, developers can control precisely which
parts of their app can be selected.
Without User Select, all parts of the page can be selected by the user.
Developers can specify User Select in CSS rules to control the selection.
Here, only text in the edit box can be selected.
This improves the experience by keeping app UI separate from the content.
Let's look at one more demo.
Making web content accessible to all consumers is important
IE10 adds new support for text captions with HTML5 video
In this demo you can see how IE10 support for the HTML5 track element
Enables rendering text captions that are synchronized with the contents of the video.
Because caption files are just text and time stamps,
you can search the captions, and even click to jump to a specific point in the video.
IE10 is the first browser with track captioning and support
for TTML and WebVTT formats
Developers can choose which format works best for their needs.
With this latest Platform Preview, IE10 continues to deliver
the foundational features and performance developers depend on to build great applications.
You can download the latest IE10 Platform Preview for Windows 8 today,
and try these demos and more at www.ietestdrive.com